website/idl/instructions/aggregatorInit.md, before:

Create and initialize the AggregatorAccount.

## Accounts
|Name|isMut|isSigner|Description|
|--|--|--|--|
| aggregator | true | false |  |
| authority | false | false |  |
| queue | false | false |  |
| authorWallet | false | false |  |
| programState | false | false |  |
## Args
|Field|Type|Description|
|--|--|--|
| name |  u8[32] | Name of the aggregator to store on-chain. |
| metadata |  u8[128] | Metadata of the aggregator to store on-chain. |
| batchSize |  u32 | Number of oracles to request on aggregator update. |
| minOracleResults |  u32 | Minimum number of oracle responses required before a round is validated. |
| minJobResults |  u32 | Minimum number of feed jobs suggested to be successful before an oracle sends a response. |
| minUpdateDelaySeconds |  u32 | Minimum number of seconds required between aggregator rounds. |
| startAfter |  i64 | unix_timestamp for which no feed update will occur before. |
| varianceThreshold |  [BorshDecimal](/idl/types/BorshDecimal) | Change percentage required between a previous round and the current round. If variance percentage is not met, reject new oracle responses. |
| forceReportPeriod |  i64 | Number of seconds for which, even if the variance threshold is not passed, accept new responses from oracles. |
| expiration |  i64 | unix_timestamp after which funds may be withdrawn from the aggregator. null/undefined/0 means the feed has no expiration. |
| stateBump |  u8 |  |

Commit message:

refactored documentation
- updated IDL and API docs
- refactored doc pages to be centered around resource
- each resource gets its own top level heading with implementation details and examples
wip


idl updates


fixed permissions


idl cleanup


wip


oracle arch


wip


wip


wip


wip


fixed metrics command


wip


fixed README paths


fixed broken links


cleanup


updated docker version


cleanup dev resource tables


cleanup


fixed broken pages

website/idl/instructions/aggregatorInit.md, after:

Create and initialize the AggregatorAccount.

## Accounts
|Name|isMut|isSigner|Description|
|--|--|--|--|
| aggregator | TRUE | FALSE | The [AggregatorAccountData](/idl/accounts/AggregatorAccountData) being initialized. | 
| authority | FALSE | FALSE | The aggregator authority delegated to make account changes. | 
| queue | FALSE | FALSE | The [OracleQueueAccountData](/idl/accounts/OracleQueueAccountData) the aggregator is being created for. | 
| programState | FALSE | FALSE | The Switchboard [SbState](/idl/accounts/SbState) account. | 
## Params
|Field|Type|Description|
|--|--|--|
| name |  u8[32] | Name of the aggregator to store on-chain. |
| metadata |  u8[128] | Metadata of the aggregator to store on-chain. |
| batchSize |  u32 | Number of oracles to request on aggregator update. |
| minOracleResults |  u32 | Minimum number of oracle responses required before a round is validated. |
| minJobResults |  u32 | Minimum number of feed jobs suggested to be successful before an oracle sends a response. |
| minUpdateDelaySeconds |  u32 | Minimum number of seconds required between aggregator rounds. |
| startAfter |  i64 | unix_timestamp for which no feed update will occur before. |
| varianceThreshold |  [BorshDecimal](/idl/types/BorshDecimal) | Change percentage required between a previous round and the current round. If variance percentage is not met, reject new oracle responses. |
| forceReportPeriod |  i64 | Number of seconds for which, even if the variance threshold is not passed, accept new responses from oracles. |
| expiration |  i64 | unix_timestamp after which funds may be withdrawn from the aggregator. null/undefined/0 means the feed has no expiration. |
| stateBump |  u8 | The [SbState](/idl/accounts/SbState) bump used to derive its public key. |
| disableCrank |  bool |  |
