website/idl/instructions/oracleQueueInit.md, before:

Create and initialize the OracleQueueAccount.

## Accounts
|Name|isMut|isSigner|Description|
|--|--|--|--|
| oracleQueue | true | true |  |
| authority | false | false |  |
| buffer | true | false |  |
| payer | true | false |  |
| systemProgram | false | false |  |
## Args
|Field|Type|Description|
|--|--|--|
| name |  u8[32] | Name of the queue to store on-chain. |
| metadata |  u8[64] | Metadata of the queue to store on-chain. |
| reward |  u64 | Rewards to provide oracles and round openers on this queue. |
| minStake |  u64 | The minimum amount of stake oracles must present to remain on the queue. |
| feedProbationPeriod |  u32 | After a feed lease is funded or re-funded, it must consecutively succeed N amount of times or its authorization to use the queue is auto-revoked. |
| oracleTimeout |  u32 | Time period we should remove an oracle after if no response. |
| slashingEnabled |  bool | Whether slashing is enabled on this queue. |
| varianceToleranceMultiplier |  [BorshDecimal](/idl/types/BorshDecimal) | The tolerated variance amount oracle results can have from the accepted round result before being slashed. slashBound = varianceToleranceMultiplier * stdDeviation Default: 2 |
| consecutiveFeedFailureLimit |  u64 | Consecutive failure limit for a feed before feed permission is revoked. |
| consecutiveOracleFailureLimit |  u64 | Consecutive failure limit for an oracle before oracle permission is revoked. |
| queueSize |  u32 | The size of the queue. |
| unpermissionedFeeds |  bool | Enabling this setting means data feeds do not need explicit permission to join the queue. |
| unpermissionedVrf |  bool |  |

Commit message:

refactored documentation
- updated IDL and API docs
- refactored doc pages to be centered around resource
- each resource gets its own top level heading with implementation details and examples
wip


idl updates


fixed permissions


idl cleanup


wip


oracle arch


wip


wip


wip


wip


fixed metrics command


wip


fixed README paths


fixed broken links


cleanup


updated docker version


cleanup dev resource tables


cleanup


fixed broken pages

website/idl/instructions/oracleQueueInit.md, after:

Create and initialize the OracleQueueAccount.

## Accounts

| Name          | isMut | isSigner | Description                                                                                                       |
| ------------- | ----- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| oracleQueue   | TRUE  | TRUE     |                                                                                                                   |
| authority     | FALSE | FALSE    | The account delegated as the authority for making account changes or assigning permissions targeted at the queue. |
| buffer        | TRUE  | FALSE    |                                                                                                                   |
| payer         | TRUE  | TRUE     |                                                                                                                   |
| systemProgram | FALSE | FALSE    | The Solana system program account.                                                                                |
| mint          | FALSE | FALSE    |                                                                                                                   |

## Params

| Field                         | Type                                    | Description                                                                                                                                                                    |
| ----------------------------- | --------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| name                          | u8[32]                                  | Name of the queue to store on-chain.                                                                                                                                           |
| metadata                      | u8[64]                                  | Metadata of the queue to store on-chain.                                                                                                                                       |
| reward                        | u64                                     | Rewards to provide oracles and round openers on this queue.                                                                                                                    |
| minStake                      | u64                                     | The minimum amount of stake oracles must present to remain on the queue.                                                                                                       |
| feedProbationPeriod           | u32                                     | After a feed lease is funded or re-funded, it must consecutively succeed N amount of times or its authorization to use the queue is auto-revoked.                              |
| oracleTimeout                 | u32                                     | Time period we should remove an oracle after if no response.                                                                                                                   |
| slashingEnabled               | bool                                    | Whether slashing is enabled on this queue.                                                                                                                                     |
| varianceToleranceMultiplier   | [BorshDecimal](/idl/types/BorshDecimal) | The tolerated variance amount oracle results can have from the accepted round result before being slashed. slashBound = varianceToleranceMultiplier \* stdDeviation Default: 2 |
| consecutiveFeedFailureLimit   | u64                                     | Consecutive failure limit for a feed before feed permission is revoked.                                                                                                        |
| consecutiveOracleFailureLimit | u64                                     | Consecutive failure limit for an oracle before oracle permission is revoked.                                                                                                   |
| queueSize                     | u32                                     | The size of the queue.                                                                                                                                                         |
| unpermissionedFeeds           | bool                                    | Enabling this setting means data feeds do not need explicit permission to join the queue.                                                                                      |
| unpermissionedVrf             | bool                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                |
| enableBufferRelayers          | bool                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                |
